./english.64MB Second N
./english.64MB "I know 
./english.64MB ck to he
./english.64MB ash, the
./english.64MB  played 
./english.64MB , with a
./english.64MB rovinces
./english.64MB t, and t
./english.64MB erously 
./english.64MB  horrors
./english.64MB gs of him from a
./english.64MB rs the benefit o
./english.64MB  quite silent wi
./english.64MB  to take me by t
./english.64MB eld for ship hir
./english.64MB igue and privati
./english.64MB te. No sensible 
./english.64MB d sister?"  N. "
./english.64MB plant foot to fi
./english.64MB  Hutter is prett
./english.64MB ing oak, sufficed for the whole 
./english.64MB race-suicide arguments. Men donn
./english.64MB d others) because they can no le
./english.64MB terre," is lectured upon fidelif
./english.64MB ear,    When I steal to her seim
./english.64MB e, an elderly lady, who had coy 
./english.64MB before all others, he can imagki
./english.64MB m it off and put it in a secone 
./english.64MB in forcements at Jacobsrust, had
./english.64MB in and the breeze, He worshipp'd
./english.64MB scipline of his army, a few conquests, including those of Spain 
./english.64MB hes it without a word. He looks at it; shakes his head; and take
./english.64MB m;[FN#233] so I went down to the Tigris to wash myself and dived
./english.64MB  so "disgraceful" a manner.  I am, Sir, etc., "The Savoyard," or
./english.64MB to sleep in the barn with the ostlers?  These are the most disma
./english.64MB  pitched his camp as he had done before. During this return of h
./english.64MB oritative calm, But knowing, having weighed the opposing risks. 
./english.64MB in collecting an army to fight his brothers; but as his troops o
./english.64MB ung man, who was thus saved much time and labor in making his ik
./english.64MB  which they brought her every day. As for the woodcutters they  
./english.64MB And parting on my      heart sore suffering wreaketh. How shall I face this fiery love concealing * When fro' my      wounded li
./english.64MB reeks themselves had set the example of arguing both for and against slavery. Their practice and their prevailing teaching, howe
./english.64MB ng everything for oneself); no teachers and leaders of any sort--just the strength and ingenuity of each one of us, trying to me
./english.64MB  straight upon it. The dogs are on ahead, making for the depot. Another reason for being very careful on the way to the depot is
./english.64MB ted himself to God, struck a mighty blow which cut the creature's neck down to the gullet.  The foul vapour of the beast and hor
./english.64MB utline of a hermit, with head bent eagerly forward, and arm outstretched.  The monk crossed himself.  Eberhard stood still for a
./english.64MB .  "Not a heap," he admitted.  "No.  All you wanted was to show them up.  Well, you did it, and I'm glad you did.  But Caro and 
./english.64MB .  "Not a heap," he admitted.  "No.  All you wanted was to show them up.  Well, you did it, and I'm glad you did.  But Caro and 
./english.64MB arkle, and not a sound in any direction. But wait: what is that? Like a stream of fire the light shoots across the sky, and a wh
./english.64MB ar," and another, "The rising-place of the full moon is in such a quarter;" and a third, "The new moon of the Festival[FN#378] h
./english.64MB tewash; the floor had no carpet, and the doors of the rooms were low and small.  The host opened one of them and led the stranger into a small, simply-furnished room, with a little dark closet containing a bed. "Signor," he said, with a profound bow, "thes
./english.64MB all sorts, continued, "Presently, O  Commander of the Faithful, said one of the men on the chairs, 'O  company of merchants, we will sell but this to-day, by way of  spending-money, for that we are weary.' So the merchants fell to bidding  one against 
./english.64MB otheth no other resource left them to kill time, they spent their days eating, drinking, smoking, and sleeping, till they broke down their constitutions by living too fast.  Mr Moorlan became very friendly, and said he was sorry he could not do more for
./english.64MB  us.  Hth Dickensy characters and consistently romantic action.  The West has been rediscovered many a time since that decade which witnessed the first literary bonanza of Mark Twain and Bret Harte. It will continue to be discovered, in its fresh sources 
./english.64MB  us.  Hth Dickensy characters and consistently romantic action.  The West has been rediscovered many a time since that decade which witnessed the first literary bonanza of Mark Twain and Bret Harte. It will continue to be discovered, in its fresh sources 
./english.64MB of appeaarticles which kept the millions of America thoroughly and honestly informed.  Think what it would have meant had their influence been thrown into the scale against the Allies!  By that awesome imagining alone can the extent of their service by m
./english.64MB easured.  work. Now when night fell and Kasim came not home, his wife waxed uneasy in mind and running round to Ali Baba said, "O my brother, Kasim hath not returned: thou knowest whither he went, and sore I fear me some misfortune hath betided him." Al
./english.64MB i Baba also dhade." Quoth the Prince, "Whenas the lion-whelp seeth the leopard,[FN#99] he riseth up to him and prostrateth himself before him because of his wisdom, and Light prostrateth itself to shade for the purpose of disclosing that which is therewi
./english.64MB thin." Quoth Sherpreted to mean that his sister had misconducted herself, and he should kill her. He refused, and fled with her to the desert. Hearing voices, he entered a cave where thirty nine robbers were dividing rations; and he contrived to appropri
./english.64MB ate a share, and This messenger shall give my news to thee; *           Patience what while my sight thou canst not see:      A lover leav'st in love's insanity, *           Whose eyne abide on wake incessantly:      I suffer patience-pangs in woes that no
./english.64MB ne *           Of have been the sea.  A black horse was waiting for him, tied to a tree, and he mounted and rode away wherever his fancy took him, the dog always at his heels.  Never was any prince so happy as he, and he rode and rode till at length he camrity!" Then she went up to him and made a show of fondness for him and sat down by his side and coaxed him, saying, "O my lord, what is this aversion thou displayest to me? Is it pride or coquetry on thy part? But the current byword saith, 'An the salam-salutation be little in demand, the sitters salute those who stand."[FN#4] So if, O my lord, thou come not to me neither accost me, I will go to thee and accost thee." Said he, "To thee belong favour and kindness, O Queen of the earth in its length and bread
./english.64MB  a proof of the tenacity of their defence.  Lotter was among the prisoners, 260 horses were taken, and a good supply of ammunition, with some dynamite.  A few days later, on September 10th, a similar blow, less final in its character, was dealt by Colonel Crabbe to the commando of Van der Merve, which was an offshoot of that of Scheepers. The action was fought near Laingsburg, which is on the main line, just north of Matjesfontein, and it ended in the scattering of the Boer band, the death of their boy lead
./english.64MB id and fortuitous rise of Grover Cleveland to political eminence is without a parallel in the records of American statesmanship, notwithstanding many instances of public distinction attained from humble beginnings.  The antecedents of Cleveland were Americans of the best type. He was descended from a colonial stock which had settled in the Connecticut Valley. His earliest ancestor of whom there is any exact knowledge was Aaron Cleveland, an Episcopal clergyman, who died at East Haddam, Connecticut, in 1757,
./english.64MB , and drew its knotted lashes between his fingers.  "Go on, Dawes," whispered Kirkland, without turning his head. "You are no more than another man."  "What does he say?" asked Burgess.  "Telling him to cut light, sir," said Troke, eagerly lying; "they all do it." "Cut light, eh!  We'll see about that. Get on, my man, and look sharp, or I'll tie you up and give you fifty for yourself, as sure as God made little apples."  "Go on, Dawes," whispered Kirkland again.  "I don't mind."  Rufus Dawes lifted the cat,
./english.64MB  hey?  Well, you can cruise a long ways on a v'yage like that.  What do you mean?"  "Aw, let me alone!  I'm going to the club, I guess, or somewhere. Anyhow, I won't stay with her.  I told her so.  Silly little idiot! By gad, she understands what I think of her conduct.  I'll never speak to her again.  I told her so.  She--"  "Here!  Belay!  Stop!  Who are you talking about?"  "Caro, of course.  She--"  "You've run off and left her alone--to-night?  Where is she?"  "Upstairs--and crying, I suppose.  She doe
./english.64MB er love and maybe we shall be unable to win to her; so should he and we and the Grandees of the realm be wearied in vain and trouble betide us through this; for, as saith the poet,  'Love, at first sight, is a spurt of spray;[FN#320] * But a      spreading sea when it gaineth sway.'"  When she heard these words, she cried, "Tell me the condition of this girl, and her name for I know all the damsels of the sea, Kings' daughters and others; and, if I judge her worthy of him, I will demand her in marriage for 
./english.64MB ut just think of those Nighthawk children never having any home! It doesn't seem to me right and it never will. Did you ever see Boomer in a tree?"  Peter shook his head. "I've seen him on the ground," said he, "but I never have seen him in a tree. Why did you ask, Jenny Wren?"  "To find out how well you have used your eyes," snapped Jenny. "I just wanted to see if you had noticed anything peculiar about the way he sits in a tree. But as long as you haven't seen him in a tree I may as well tell you that he 
./english.64MB ut it!  It is our primitive animal instincts we are so proud of: our social instincts we scarcely recognize.  Men have the instinct of combat, a very useful thing in its place.  But in their exclusive preoccupation of being men, they have assumed this masculine proclivity to be something of universal importance and solemnly assure us that "Life is a Struggle."  Life is a Growth, a Progress, a Journey, if you will.  It may be interrupted by having.to stop and struggle, but the struggling is at its best only 
./english.64MB ven't got another brief prepared," said the agonised solicitor. ""What is more, I can hear nothing of the Attorney-General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr. Bingham; you can't manage the case alone."  "Very well," said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the circumstances to the court. But the Court was crusty. It had got the fog down its throat, and altogether It didn't seem to see it. Moreover the other side, marking its advantage,
./english.64MB quently bought with a view to their being fenced in and laid down in English grasses. In the back country this has not yet commenced, nor is it likely to do so for many years.  But to return.  Firstly, G- had not registered any pre-emptive right, and, secondly, if he had it would have been worthless, because his hut was situated on my run and not on his own.  I was sure that he had not bought the freehold; I was also certain that he meant to buy it.  So, well knowing there was not a moment to lose, I went t
./english.64MB on his finger the magic ring and the genii did his bidding. But we could wish that the palaces they reared for him were not in such a somber land, with such infernal lights gleaming in their windows, and crowded with such horror-haunted forms. We could wish that his imagination dealt less often with those primitive terrors that belong to the childhood of our race. Yet when his spell is upon us we lapse back by a sort of atavism into primal savagery and shudder with a recrudescence of long forgotten fears. No doubt Poe was ignorant of life, in the highest sense. He was caged in by his ignorance, Yet he had beautiful dusky wings that bruised themselves against his prison.  Poe was a tireless critic of his own work, and both his standards of workmanship and his critical precepts have been of great service to his careless countrymen. He turned out between four and five short stories a year, was poorly paid for them, and indeed found difficulty in selling them at all. Yet he was constantly correcting them for the 
./english.64MB  buried to his waist.  "Here, then, at last, is death!" he thought, in agony, "and what a death!"  He now began to struggle again, like a madman; but his efforts only served to bury him deeper in the tomb that the poor doomed lad was hollowing for himself; not a log of wood or a branch to buoy him up; not a reed to which he might cling! He felt that all was over! His eyes convulsively closed!  "Master! master!--Help!" were his last words; but his voice, despairing, unaided, half stifled already by the rising mire, died away feebly on the night.    CHAPTER THIRTY-SIXTH.  A Throng of People on the Horizon.--A Troop of Arabs.--The Pursuit. --It is He.--Fall from Horseback.--The Strangled Arab.--A Ball from Kennedy.--Adroit Manoeuvres.--Caught up flying.--Joe saved at last.  From the moment when Kennedy resumed his post of observation in the front of the car, he had not ceased to watch the horizon with his utmost attention.  After the lapse of some time he turned toward the doctor and said:  "If I am not greatly 
./english.64MB ight.  They were all up at five-thirty or thereabouts, breakfasting at six, and the girls off in time to reach their various places by seven.  Their day was from 7 A. M. to 8.30 P. M., with half an hour out, from 11.30 to twelve, for their lunch; and three hours, between 2.20 and 5.30, for their own time, including their tea.  Then they worked again from 5.30 to 8.30, on the dinner and the dishes, and then they came home to a pleasant nine o'clock supper, and had all hour to dance or rest before the 10.30 bell for bed time.  Special friends and "cousins" often came home with them, and frequently shared the supper--for a quarter--and the dance for nothing.  It was no light matter in the first place to keep twenty girls contented with such a regime, and working with the steady excellence required, and in the second place to keep twenty employers contented with them.  There were failures on both sides; half a dozen families gave up the plan, and it took time to replace them; and three girls had to be asked to re
./english.64MB or any now the voice can still    That crieth on the hand.  A little while shall Spring come back    And find the Ancient Home Yet marred by foolish waste and lack,    And most enthralled by some.  A little while, and then at last    Shall the greetings of the year Be blent with wonder of the past    And all the griefs that were.  A little while, and they that meet    The living year to praise, Shall be to them as music sweet    That grief of bye-gone days.  So be we merry to our best,    Now the land is sweet and sheen, And Spring with Summer at her breast    Goes down the meadows green.     THE MESSAGE OF THE MARCH WIND {1}    Fair now is the springtide, now earth lies beholding    With the eyes of a lover the face of the sun; Long lasteth the daylight, and hope is enfolding    The green-growing acres with increase begun.  Now sweet, sweet it is through the land to be straying    Mid the birds and the blossoms and the beasts of the field; Love mingles with love, and no evil is weighing    On thy heart or mi
./english.64MB food, and sent sudden orders for picnic lunches that broke in upon the routine hours of the place unmercifully.  But of all her patrons, the families of invalids appreciated Diantha's work the most.  Where a little shack or tent was all they could afford to live in, or where the tiny cottage was more than filled with the patient, attending relative, and nurse, this depot of supplies was a relief indeed.  A girl could be had for an hour or two; or two girls, together, with amazing speed, could put a small house in dainty order while the sick man lay in his hammock under the pepper trees; and be gone before he was fretting for his bed again.  They lived upon her lunches; and from them, and other quarters, rose an increasing demand for regular cooked food.  "Why don't you go into it at once?" urged Mrs. Weatherstone.  "I want to establish the day service first," said Diantha.  "It is a pretty big business I find, and I do get tired sometimes.  I can't afford to slip up, you know.  I mean to take it up next fall,
./english.64MB ather and this gang of robbers?  She was glad that Ermentrude went down with her mother to watch the return of the victors.  She crouched on the floor, sobbing, shuddering with grief and indignation, and telling her beads alike for murdered and murderers, till, after the sounds of welcome and exultation, she heard Sir Eberhard's heavy tread, as he carried his sister up stairs.  Ermentrude went up at once to Christina.  "After all there was little for us!" she said.  "It was only a wain of wine barrels; and now will the drunkards down stairs make good cheer.  But Ebbo could only win for me this gold chain and medal which was round the old merchant's neck."  "Was he slain?" Christina asked with pale lips.  "I only know I did not kill him," returned the baron; "I had him down and got the prize, and that was enough for me.  What the rest of the fellows may have done, I cannot say."  "But he has brought thee something, Stina," continued Ermentrude. "Show it to her, brother."  "My father sends you this for your car
./english.64MB  the hill a company of boys were playing together. One of them cried out with a loud voice, "The vazar is running everywhere in search of an interpreter, and all avails him nothing; now the interpretation of the dream is with me, and the truth of it is clear to me." When these words reached the ears of the vazar he drew in the reins, and calling the boy to him asked him, "What is thy name? He replied, "Buzurjmibr." The vazar said "All the sages and interpreters have failed in loosing the knot of this difficulty--how dost thou, so young in years, pretend to be able to do it? He replied, "All the world is not given to every one." The vazar said, "If thou speakest truth, explain." Said the boy "Take me to the monarch, that I may there unloose the knot of this difficulty." The vazar said, "If thou shouldst fail, what then will come of it?" The boy replied, "I will give up my own blood to the king, that they may slay me instead of thee." The vazar took the boy with him, returned, and told the whole matter to the k
./english.64MB es of the previous year.  The particular woodpecker to which I refer drilled his first hole in my apple-tree one fall four or five years ago.  This he occupied till the following spring when he abandoned it.  The next fall he began a hole in an adjoining limb, later than before, and when it was about half completed a female took possession of his old quarters.  I am sorry to say that this seemed to enrage the male, very much, and he persecuted the poor bird whenever she appeared upon the scene.  He would fly at her spitefully and drive her off.  One chilly November morning, as I passed under the tree, I heard the hammer of the little architect in his cavity, and at the same time saw the persecuted female sitting at the entrance of the other hole as if she would fain come out.  She was actually shivering, probably from both fear and cold.  I understood the situation at a glance; the bird was afraid to come forth and brave the anger of the male.  Not till I had rapped smartly upon the limb with my stick did she
./english.64MB wards the castle, with the apprehension that all his foresight in securing the canoes would be defeated, by this unguarded and alarming movement on the part of the feeble minded Hetty.     Chapter X  "But who in this wild wood May credit give to either eye, or ear? From rocky precipice or hollow cave, 'Midst the confused sound of rustling leaves;, And creaking boughs, and cries of nightly birds, Returning seeming answer!"  Joanna Baihie, Rayner: A Tragedy, II.L3-4, 6-g.   Fear as much as calculation, had induced Hetty to cease paddling, when she found that her pursuers did not know in which direction to proceed. She remained stationary until the Ark had pulled in near the encampment, as has been related in the preceding chapter, when she resumed the paddle and with cautious strokes made the best of her way towards the western shore. In order to avoid her pursuers, however, who, she rightly suspected, would soon be rowing along that shore themselves, the head of the canoe was pointed so far north, as to bring 
./english.64MB hundred to my price and let the hundred remain with thee by way of provision." He did as she bid him and, buying her for nine hundred dinars, paid down the price from her own purse and carried her to his house. When she entered it, she found a dreary desolate saloon without carpets or vessels; so she gave him other thousand dinars, saying, "Go to the bazar and buy three hundred dinars' worth of furniture and vessels for the house and three dinars' worth of meat and drink."--And Shahrazad perceived the dawn of day and ceased saying her permitted say.          When it was the Three Hundred and Twelfth Night,  She said, It hath reached me, O auspicious King that quoth the slave-girl, "Bring us meat and drink for three dinars, furthermore a piece of silk, the size of a curtain, and bring golden and silvern thread and sewing silk of seven colours." Thus he did, and she furnished the house and they sat down to eat and drink; after which they went to bed and took their pleasure one of the other. And they lay the nig
